# Madman-Technologies
Drone with payload “NEXT BIG THING”.
There have been a lot of happenings in the field of heavy drone projects. Future drones will be totally autonomous machines that work without an operator present and will be powered by AI systems. Large drones called heavy lift drones are used to transport goods, packages, food, medical supplies, and other heavy payloads weighing at least 10 pounds. These drones are used for heavy camera works like videography and photography, and are not just only designed to lift heavy cargo materials.“We understand there are things within nature that have developed really excellent solutions to problems that we also face as humans,” says Ian Foster, Head of Engineering at Animal Dynamics, who is one of the 91 staff members at the firm.It is anticipated that military investment in this technology would increase as a proportion of overall military budgets, creating a business opportunity for specialized drone makers and software developers. Monitoring drones with thermal imaging cameras are being used to monitor and fight forest fires by spotting abnormally warm forest temperatures. Drone-based remote sensing offers a number of advantages, including lower costs, flexibility in time and area, highly accurate data, and the lack of any risks to people.Drones can be used in forestry for stand demarcation and mapping, harvest planning, estimation and inventory of forest structure, carbon inventory, damage assessments, detection of forest diseases and pests, stand mapping, and detection of forest fires and post-fire mapping. Drones are being utilized increasingly for technology frequently as a result of improvements in battery life, miniaturization, affordability, and technology.
